Now let's talk about AWS Artifact,
which is not really a service, but presented as one.
So this is a portal that will provide you
with on-demand access to compliance documentation
from AWS, as well as AWS agreement.
So these reports are allowing you to download
security and compliance documents,
such as the AWS ISO certifications,
the PCI reports,
and the SOC reports from AWS.
Also, you can get agreements
so you can get access such to agreements,
such as the Business Associate Addendum,
or BAA document.
These documents can be helpful if you have an internal audit
or need to show the compliance of your IT department.
So if you go into Artifact for AWS.
As we can see, this is a global service,
and we can get started with Artifact.
We can view the reports,
or view the agreements.
So if I click on reports, I can see 61 reports right now
that I can download.
For example, I can say,
"Oh, I really want to get this report right now.
I'm going to download it."
And I say, "Okay, I accept the NDA,"
and then I download this report.
And here I am.
I have a report that I can use for compliance internally.
Or also, I can go into Agreements
and find different agreements.
For example, three account agreements,
and we don't have any organization agreements.
So I can take one of these agreement,
for example, this one,
the BAA agreement,
accept the agreement,
and then download it.
I'll scroll down,
I accept it,
and then I download it.
So it's very, very simple.
It's not really a service,
it's a way for you to download compliance document.
I just wanted to show you once,
then you have to remember it.
And that will be it for this lecture.
I will see you in the next lecture.